Created HttpHeaders.md (#3576)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/devel/HttpHeaders.md

> List of HTTP Headers used by Orion

Reviewer: File name should use the camelCase format, i.e. to be `httpHeaders.md`.

In addition, it should be linked from doc/manuals/devel/README.md#contents (maybe between "Semaphores" and "Cookbook").

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> 1)  Accept                  

Reviewer: It would be great to use this ToC with links to the corresponding sections. You have an example here: doc/manuals/user/walkthrough_apiv2.md

7)  Origin                                                       
8)  User-Agent              
9)  X-Forwarded-For                                                               
10) X-Real-IP

11) Access-Control-Allow-Origin
12) Access-Control-Allow-Headers                                                                              
13) Access-Control-Allow-Methods
14) Access-Control-Max-Age                                 
15) Access-Control-Expose-Headers
16) Allow                                                                                    
17) Location                                                 
18) Ngsiv2-AttrsFormat                                    
19) Fiware-Service
20) Fiware-Servicepath
21) Fiware-Total-Count
22) Fiware-Correlator                                     

23) X-Auth-Token

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# HTTP Headers used by Orion with their Description:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## 1. Accept  : 

> Accept HTTP Header is used in Request URL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accept HTTP Header is used in requests. 
```

Accept HTTP Header is used with the request URL for accepting the response in well defined format. 

> For example	in request URL if we type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example in request URL if we use:
```

> 		(e.g):      curl ... 'Accept: applicattion/json'

Reviewer: I suggest change this for just

```
curl ... 'Accept: applicattion/json'
```

I mean, no need of so big indentation and the  `(e.g.)` is quite redundant. Please, apply the same to all similar cases in this file.

> On this request we'll get the Response data in well defined Json format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this request we'll get the Response data in well defined JSON format.
```

The API response payloads in this specification are based on `application/json` and  (for attribute value 
type operation) `text/plain` MIME types. Clients issuing HTTP requests with accept types different 
than those will get a `406 Not Acceptable` error.

## 2. Content-Length :

> This header is used by both request and response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This header is used by both requests and responses.
```

> Content-length HTTP header is a mandatory header for the response of the orion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content-length HTTP header is a mandatory header in Orion responses.
```

it defines the length of the request and response body in octets (8-bit bytes).

> Orion Context Broker expects always a Content-Length header in all client requests, otherwise the client will receive a "411 Length Required" response. 

Reviewer: Sometimes you use quotes (e.g. "411 Length Required") someimtes you use acent (e.g. `406 Not Acceptable`). Please unify style using always the same.

This is due to the way the underlying HTTP library (microhttpd) works.
	
		(e.g.): 	 Content-Length: 34	(in response)

 
## 3. Content-Type : 

It is used to send the data or request in well defined format that can be Json or XML etc.
syntax is:

		(e.g):      curl ... 'Content-Type: application/json'

this request will send data in well defined JSON format.

> if the Content-Type header is application/xml i.e. ('Content-Type: application/xml'), then the payload must correspond to a well-formed XML document. 

Reviewer: Orion doesn't support XML since years ago... this section should be rewritten taking that into account.

Specifically, if the resulting URL after applying the template is malformed, then no notification is sent.

 

>  ## 4. Connection :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4. Connection :
```

(Take care on not introducing whitespace before firt `#` in section tittles)

 
 This Header is used in both Request and Response of Orion.
 It is used as Control options for the current connection and list of hop-by-hop response fields.
	
		(e.g):	    Connection: Keep-Alive
    
 When we run request URL with the above Header it will keep connection alive with the host/server.	
	
	
  
## 5. Expect :

Expect HTTP Header is used as Request Header in Orion.
Test cases admits two types of 'expect sections', we have to use one. Either
			--EXPECT--                     
	   (or) --REG-EXPECT--

> 	

Reviewer: I don't understand what you want to tell here... Under my understanding there is no relation between Expect HTTP header and EXPECT and REG-EXPECT constructs, that are related with the testing framework.

Could you elaborate a bit on this a little bit, please?

X-Real-IP and X-Forwarded-For (used by a potential proxy on top of Orion) overrides ip.
X-Real-IP takes preference over X-Forwarded-For, if both appear.
	
		(e.g.): 	X-Forwarded-For: 129.78.138.66
	
  
	
## 10. X-Real-IP :

Source IP of the HTTP request associated to the transaction, except if the request includes X-Real-IP which overrides X-Forwarded-For and source IP.
X-Real-IP and X-Forwarded-For (used by a potential proxy on top of Orion) overrides ip.
X-Real-IP takes preference over X-Forwarded-For, if both appear.
	
	
## 11.  Access-Control-Allow-Origin :

It is an optional Header used in Orion Response.  
If the CORS mode is enabled, Origin header is present in the request and its value matches Orion's allowed origin, then this header 
will always be added to the response.  
Please note that if the above condition is not true and Access-Control-Allow-Origin header is not added to the response,
all the CORS processes are stopped and no other CORS headers are added to the response.
  	
	 If -corsOrigin is set to a specific value, specificdomain.com in this case:	
		  (e.g.): 	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: specificdomain.com
      		

> 	 If -corsOrigin is set to __ALL:	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	 If -corsOrigin is set to `__ALL`:	
```
